rv32ui-p-add : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-addi : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-and : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-andi : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-auipc : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-beq : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-bge : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-bgeu : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-blt : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-bltu : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-bne : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-fence_i : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-jal : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-jalr : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-lb : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-lbu : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-lh : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-lhu : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-lui : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-lw : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-or : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-ori : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-sb : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-sh : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-simple : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-sll : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-slli : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-slt : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-slti : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-sltiu : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-sltu : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-sra : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-srai : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-srl : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-srli : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-sub : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-sw : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-xor : All tests passed
rv32ui-p-xori : All tests passed
rv32um-p-div : All tests passed
rv32um-p-divu : All tests passed
rv32um-p-mul : All tests passed
rv32um-p-mulh : All tests passed
rv32um-p-mulhsu : All tests passed
rv32um-p-mulhu : All tests passed
rv32um-p-rem : All tests passed
rv32um-p-remu : All tests passed
